# Amplify-B2B-Lead-Generation-Through-Content-Marketing---CFT-Consulting
Content serves as gasoline to your sales pipelines, your lead generation strategies and techniques, and your overall business module. Unfortunately, the same can be said for every third B2B brand trying to establish its presence. The major hurdle for marketers is to make a way out and cut through all the unwanted and stand out with relevant, eye-catching content that directly connects them with the prospects. Here’s a rundown of some of the best strategies of content marketing for turbocharging your B2B lead generation. • Create a short yet memorable video of your brand’s culture. Video content marketing isn’t a cakewalk but done in the right ways there is no better way to convert your prospects into potential clients. How to start? Create a short introductory video of your brand. Introduce your brand, show the work culture of your company, Introduce behind the scenes snaps, them working and bringing your company to life, and help your prospects resonate with them. The best way to deliver your sales pitch is to create a video about day-to-day activities, your services in the video. It will create a personal touch and it provokes a positive response from them. Podcast about your products, thoughts, with relevant content.  Podcasts these days are one of the newest forms of content creation. According to this report, there are 1 million active podcasts, and 30 million podcasts episodes are there on the internet. Invite guests relevant to your industry and discuss your products, strategy and create a content strategy that will resonate with your prospects. Strategizing your existing content into podcast episodes is a unique way of reaching your clients and delivering about your brand.  Optimize your Distribution Network. It’s one thing to create content; it’s another to get people to view it. It’s critical that you choose the right mix of channels to distribute your content. Mainly you can distribute your content via organic channels or paid channels. Organic channels are a budget-friendly way to start distributing your content. It is a slow process and takes time to build your online credibility and brand identity. Research about which organic channels your prospects use the most and strategize and distribute your content accordingly. To know more: https://www.cftconsulting.us/amplify-b2b-lead-generation-through-content-marketing
